on the first night of the World Series
you know the boston red sox and st.
Louis Cardinals did battle on the field
and tonight two of their fans are going
to do battle from the comfort of their
homes via the miracle of the internet so
fire up your webcams it's time for a
special world series a digital of these
snipers first the away team from st.
Louis Missouri please welcome Tony Peck
hello Tony Tony what do you do there in
st. Louis I'm a training coordinator and
key manager for a steakhouse restaurant
oh very nice casual dining yeah okay and
would you describe yourself as a
die-hard Cardinals fan I'm so glad you
asked oh wow okay yeah that's definitely
die hard hey did you shave your chest
for this especially tonight or is your
chest naturally smooth I gave it a trim
all right we're embarrassed already next
up from Boston please say a little Brian
angler hello Brian
you
you have any tattoos of the Red Sox on
your body no I'm clear I like to keep it
pure you know did you shave your body
for tonight's television appearance uh
no I wish I could say that I shaped but
it was for tonight's television
appearance i'm just always having to
shave my curry back okay very good all
right hey you just got married right
Brian I did I did actually my my wife we
actually wrote our own vows oh nice and
yeah in the vows my wife said that she
promised to stick with me through all
the different seasons winter spring
summer fall socks pax bruins celtics so
you know oh well that is very romantic
all right so Brian me Tony Tony meet
Brian you both got rally beards or
you're ready to play all right here we
go it's a simple game it's a scavenger
hunt I will name an item your job is to
find that item and bring it back as fast
as you can okay round one come back
wearing your shower curtain as a cape if
you don't have a shower curtain
improvise all right and there they go
off
what the hell Ryan Ryan prepared a
little comedy sketch for us
that's a robe now Tony's been gone a
little bit longer here comes Tony Tony
what do you have on you Tony you look
like you stole the drapes off the window
Tony what are those this is the shower
curtain oh that's the shower curtain
okay and Brian you're wearing what i got
my bathrobe on Jimmy I don't I just got
glass our doors yeah I guess that would
have been dangerous all right we're
gonna give round one to Tony alright
well by the way Brian don't think you
don't get extra credit for the in
your closet because that will not go on
unrewarding next item round two goes to
whomever can bring back a copy of the
most inspirational movie you own DVD VHS
whatever it is the most inspirational
movie huh look at that that's a little
another inside joke going emo I'm at war
with the most pizza in st. Louis okay
what oh well there you go that is the
World Series championship video yes what
does that mean what does that mean to
you Tony everything Brian what movie do
you have Fast Times at Ridgemont High to
Brian
what did you learn from Fast Times what
was the lesson that you took away from
that film uh it doesn't get much better
than Phoebe Cates and Jeff Spicoli I
can't agree with you more all right our
final challenge bring back something
that could get you in legal trouble
potentially get you in legal trouble
look how quick Tony got up by the way
but yeah I know what it is i knows that
all right all right what do you have
there Tony it's a bottle of bourbon okay
yeah I guess you were to drink that
whole bottle you'd probably wind up in
some kind of a legal trouble all right
unless you what by the way brian has you
beat on interior decorating I'm sorry to
tell you Tony but he is married all
right and let's see what brian has Brian
you have what is it it's Massachusetts
that's really not illegal oh I know okay
I see who I understand what it is but um
I think we're gonna have to call this a
tie right congratulations you are for
playing our game we're giving each of
you a pair of tickets to the world
series in your city all right
you